---
aliases: ['2023-01-27']
tags: [daily]
location: [48.8584, 2.2945]
title: '2023-01-27'
linter-yaml-title-alias: '2023-01-27'
date created: Saturday, December 10th 2022, 10:07:11 pm
date modified: Wednesday, December 14th 2022, 5:00:45 pm
---

# 2023-01-27

<< [[2023-01-26]] | [[2023-01-28]] >>

Week: [[2023-W04]]

## Things I Need To Do

### todo/daily

## Events That Happened Today
- Advising meeting with Sheppard 
	- [x] When do you stop reading papers and do the work? How do I find that balance? ✅ 2023-01-27
	- [x] My semester is going to be very busy - 3 classes and grading - to what degree are you expecting me to do research? ✅ 2023-01-27
		- There is not too much that is going to be expected of me. that's a shame. try to do extra work on the adv ai route.
	- [ ] How much time per a week am I expected to do research? Self studying?
	- [x] How do I pick a topic? I am too much all over the place: CNN, Hyperpectral, RF, theory, topology, now picking up PSO ✅ 2023-01-27
	- [ ] I need accountability to get shit done. 
	- [x] when is the first thing to grade in ML? ✅ 2023-01-27
		- 1 week
		- 20 A [90] - 80 B [80]
		- grades need to reflect reality
		- Build a rubric
* Technical questions:
	* [ ] Do we have a "general position" assumption in ML? 
		* [ ] 1 global max/min
		* [ ] unique input

- we need another meeting with Resonon
	-  summer internship?
- unified pso theory

Over the summer:
- summer internship
- defense with jordan (continusous time based nets) f35 fighter
- precision ag (Amy leaving) - might be a good fit (pso, )

## Thoughts I Had Today
- [x] Sheppard meeting ✅ 2023-02-02
- [x] #Advanced-AI class ✅ 2023-02-02
- [ ] Email Resonon
- [ ] Email John Shaw
- [ ] Figure out plan for research
- [ ] IEEE and ASM login

## Random Note Review


- [x] [[202212120002]] ✅ 2023-01-27
- [x] [[Drawing 2023-01-24 11.03.08.excalidraw]] ✅ 2023-01-27
- [x] [[Smartphone Capture]] ✅ 2023-01-27



## Capture Notes From Today

```dataview
LIST FROM "Inbox"
WHERE contains(file.name, this.file.name)
```
